To iterate is human, to recurse divine. (L. Peter Deutsch) Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. (pixadel) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout)

The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. (E.W. Dijkstra) The Internet? Is that thing still around? (Homer Simpson) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is. (Jeff Atwood)

The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. (Anonymous) A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place. (IEEE Grid newsmagazine) Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup)

Don’t fucking quit. Even with the odds against you, time is against the odds. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. Intuition is fucking important. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. Make work that fucking matters. You are the source of every ounce of give-a-damn that will ever exist in your work. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work. Learn from fucking criticism. Design is all about fucking relationships—the relationship of form and content, the relationship of elements, the relationship of designer and user. Keep fucking going. It isn’t what you are, but what you’re going to become. Whatever can be captured in words can be conquered with understanding. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Creativity requires fucking tenacity. Most of your accomplishments will be demonstrations of tenacity, not talent. Can we all just agree as the