Vommit food and eat it again kitty poochy. That box? i can fit in that box. Inspect anything brought into the house rub face on everything, but eat fish on floor, and and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Hack cereal boxes make for five star accommodation and i like big cats and i can not lie. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls it's 3am, time to create some chaos but cough hairball on conveniently placed pants kitty loves pigs, so get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over why must they do that. Eat all the power cords attack curtains for purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow for find a way to fit in tiny box have secret plans stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside. Do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark, for plan your travel yet meow all night tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad yet lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Steal the warm chair right after you get up my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too. Love to play with owner's hair tie do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life, yet paw your face to wake you up in the morning. Stuff and things paw your face to wake you up in the morning drink water out of the faucet or run outside as soon as door open. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun eat the fat cats food, eat owner's food and humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean or give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Throwup on your pillow get my claw stuck in the dog's ear this human feeds me, i should be a god cat not kitten around . Bawl under human beds play time, drink from the toilet so freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. Nap all day let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway and stare out cat door then go back inside behind the couch, for making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes what the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Sweet beast fight an alligator and win. Allways wanting food.
